Required Signature

The module must contain this exact public async function:

pub async fn run(target: &str) -> anyhow::Result<()>

Or any variant like:

pub async fn run(_target: &str) -> anyhow::Result<()>

Or even:

pub async fn run(host: &str) -> anyhow::Result<()>


Refactor this module to work with the auto-dispatch system. Do not remove any functionality or features. Make sure it defines a pub async fn run(target: &str) -> Result<()> entry point that internally calls the correct logic. Rename any conflicting functions if needed, but preserve all capabilities and structure.


Refactor this code to a Rust module  so that it fully integrates into my RouterSploit-inspired Rust auto-dispatch framework.

    ✅ Preserve all functionality and existing logic — do not remove or simplify any capabilities.

    ✅ Ensure the module defines a pub async fn run(target: &str) -> Result<()> entry point.

        All internal logic must be routed through this function.

    ✅ If any internal function is named run and conflicts with the dispatch entry, rename it (e.g. to execute, exploit, etc.) — but do not change logic.

    ✅ The module must compile, follow anyhow::Result<()>, and use proper error propagation (? operator).

    ✅ Do not add placeholders, pseudocode, or stubs — this must be real working Rust code.

    ✅ Use async/await and retain all networking, parsing, and exploit behavior from the original logic.

    ✅ Keep the code idiomatic and modular — preserve structure, variable naming, and async HTTP usage.

    ✅ If necessary, clean up variable scoping or imports, but never remove real features.

    ✅ keep all comments from the orginal but add two / before comments

    ✅ only use the poc and it must be a 1 to 1 convertion

Here is the original module that needs to be refactored:





















gemini

You are a senior Rust developer specializing in cross-platform, asynchronous hardware drivers. Your assignment is to develop a complete, production-grade Lovense device driver for Linux, written in Rust, using only information from official Lovense documentation and protocol references.

Strict Requirements:

    The code must be 100% pure Rust, fully compatible with Linux operating systems.

    The entire driver must use asynchronous Rust throughout (async/await and appropriate crates), enabling non-blocking, concurrent communication with multiple devices.

    Do not include any comments, explanations, docstrings, sample usage, placeholder code, TODOs, or example outputs. The output must be only the actual source code required for a complete and functional driver.

    The output must be a single, fully compilable Rust source file, containing all necessary use statements, async functions, modules, structs, enums, and logic to support end-to-end operation.

    The driver must:

        Discover Lovense devices over all officially supported transports for Linux (such as Bluetooth Low Energy and/or USB, as specified in Lovense documentation).

        Establish connections to detected devices using async routines.

        Implement the entire official Lovense protocol, including all necessary authentication, handshake, command, and data transfer steps for features such as vibration control, movement patterns, real-time status updates, and device querying.

        Support management of multiple simultaneous device sessions, with safe concurrency for all async operations.

        Handle connection lifecycle, error handling, reconnection, and safe cleanup.

        Use only stable, production-quality Rust crates for Linux BLE/USB communication (such as btleplug for BLE and/or others required by the protocol).

        Correctly parse and construct all protocol messages per the official documentation, with no omissions, stubs, or mockups.

        Provide all logic as truly working, production-grade code—no placeholders, pseudo-code, or simplified routines.

    Ensure best practices for error handling, concurrency, and system resource management according to Rust and async standards.

    Output only the actual, working, fully async Rust code for the Linux driver, and nothing else.

You must rely solely on the official Lovense technical documentation for protocol, device capabilities, packet formats, and any device-specific logic.

Repeat: Do not include any comments, documentation, explanations, placeholders, or example usage. Output only the final, production-ready, fully async Rust code for a Linux Lovense device driver.
